Effect Tag: door
    Requirements: Is a door like object.
    Effect: Will open or close the door.

Effect Tag: torch
    Requirements: Is an illuminatable object.
    Effect: Will toggle the light's animation.

Effect Tag: light_switch
    Requirements: The object MUST NOT BE STATIC (placeables are this by default).
    Effect: Will have the object glow and emit a light and pulse.
    Variables:
        time -> float, will be the length of time it will stay lit.
        color -> string, will be the color that the mushroom should be lit up.
                 (can be "blue", "brown", "cyan", "green", "magenta", "orange", "red", "white", or "yellow")
        sound -> string, will be the sound the mushroom will make upon lighting up.

Effect Tag: blink
    Requirements: The object MUST NOT BE STATIC (placeables are this by default).
    Effect: Will have the object glow the given color twice. The color can be set, or it can instead choose a random color and stick with that color. The
            number of blinks can be changed in the script. If we find that it is often wanted to be change, can instead have it be a variable on the object.
    Variables:
        (optional) color -> string, will be the color that the mushroom should be lit up.
                            (can be "blue", "brown", "cyan", "green", "magenta", "orange", "red", "white", or "yellow")

Effect Tag: scannable
    Requirements: The object MUST NOT BE STATIC (placeables are this by default). The object's tag must be "scannableObject".
    Effect: The object will have descriptive text appear above it.
    Variables:
        text -> string, the entire text to appear above it.

Effect Tag: audio_log
    Requirements: The object MUST NOT BE STATIC (placeables are this by default). The object's tag must be "scannableObject". The object's name must
                  be "Audio Log #", where "#" is the same as the variable "log_number" (described below).
    Effect: Will play an audio log sound file.
    Variables:
        log_number -> int, the number of the audio log file to play.
        time -> float, an amount a little bit larger than the length of the audio file, to prevent file from being played on top of itself.